yo mama so dumb she climbed over a glass wall to see whats on the other side.
Yo Momma so fat, the only letters she knows in the alphabet are K.F.C
Yo mama is so fat that she looked up cheat codes for Wii Fit 
Yo mama is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama is so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale
Yo mama is so fat that I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing!
Yo mama is so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
Yo mama is so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
Yo mama is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Tough Guy: Can you see your penis in the shower?Boy: No*Classroom laughs*Tough Guy: Ohh really? Why Not?Boy: Because your mom's head is on it*Classroom falls silent*
the only difference between a rooster and your mom is a rooster says cockadoodledoo and your mom says any cock will do
Yo momma so fat, she broke the branch in her family tree!
Yo momma is do dumb when two robbers stole her tv she chased after them saying you forgot the remote
Yo Momma so fat, when she stepped on a scale, Buzz Lightyear popped out and yelled, "To infinity, and Beyond!"
Yo Mamma so fat, I took a picture of her last month and it's still printing.
Yo Mama so black, when I shot her, the bullet came back and asked for a flashlight.
Yo momma is so stupid she put cat food down her pants to feed her pussy
Yo Momma so ugly, Santa came down the chimney and said "Ho! Ho! Holy sh*t!"
Yo Momma so fat, even Dora cant explore her.
Yo Momma so stupid, when thieves broke into her house and stole the TV, she chased after them shouting, ''Wait! Stop! Thieves! You forgot the remote!''
What's the difference between a rooster and your mom?A rooster says, "cockadoodledoo".Your mom says, "anycockledoo".
Yo Momma so ugly, when she was born her mom said, "What a treasure!"Her father said, "Yeah, let's go bury it!"
Yo mama so fat the only letters of the alphabet she understands are KFC
You so ugly, when Yo Momma drops you off at school, she gets a ticket for littering.
Yo mommas so ugly at the strip club she got paid to keep her clothes on
yo momma so dam fat I pictured her in my head & the b*tch broke my neck
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in a mattress store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so fat I took a picture if her last Christmas (2021) and its still printing.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on Walmart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama so dumb she drove to Disney land and she saw a sign that said "Disney Land Left" so she went home.
Yo momma so black, Batman came and said, "Dayumn b*tch! I thought I was the Dark Knight!"
Yo mama so fat she asked for a waterbed and they put a blanket over the damn ocean.
Yo Momma so ugly, even Bob the Builder said, ''Holy f*ck! We can't fix that!''
Yo Momma so ugly that she made a happy meal sad
Yo Momma so fat, she sat on Wal-mart and lowered the prices.
Yo Momma so ugly, her birth certificate came with an apology letter from a condom factory.
yo mama so stupid that she thougt dunkin donuts was a basketball team
yo mama is so stupid she brought a fork and a knife to the hunger games
