 BlockFi confirms unauthorized access to client data hosted on Hubspot ::As a third-party vendor for BlockFi, Hubspot stored user data such as names, email addresses and phone numbers, which has been historically used for conducting phishing attacks.
 
..! NFT collections brought to life at SXSW: Doodles and FLUF World ::Interviews with the founding teams of Doodles and FLUF World NFT communities revealed how the digital and physical worlds can interact with each other.  
 
..! 14% of Salvadoran businesses have transacted in BTC: Chamber of Commerce  ::El Salvador made history in September 2021 by becoming the first country to officially recognize Bitcoin as a legal tender.  
 
..! Binance tells regulators it will cease operations in Ontario... for real this time ::The crypto exchange admitted to operating in the province without registration after saying it would stop.
 
..! Vitalik Buterin talks crypto’s perils in Time Magazine interview  ::The “prince of crypto,” as Vitalik is referred to in the magazine, said the cryptocurrency industry has an image problem.  
 
..! Central Bank of Russia tightens P2P transactions monitoring, including those in crypto ::The regulator’s recommendation is designed to prevent capital flight amid economic collapse.
 
..! Qatar exploring digital banks and central bank digital currencies ::The central bank is expected to set a direction for its future focus soon, particularly on various fintech verticals. 
 
..! $1 million rock NFT sells for a penny in all ore nothing error ::A simple mistake led one crypto user to sell his precious rock NFT for 444 WEI instead of 444 ETH, a tenth of a penny rather than $1.2 million. 
 
..! Ukraine’s largest savings bank halts Bitcoin buys with hryvnia — Report ::Despite Ukraine progressing with crypto regulation, locals are reportedly unable to buy Bitcoin using their bank accounts at PrivatBank.
 
..! Miners that hodl the most Bitcoin are ‘relentlessly expanding’ ::According to a series of mining metrics, not only are miners holding hard but they’re also dramatically increasing their hash rate.
 
..! Australian competition regulator takes Meta to court over fake crypto ads  ::The ACCC highlighted unapproved or endorsed “scam” ads featuring prominent Australian figures such as entrepreneur Dick Smith, TV host David Koch and former NSW premier Mike Baird, in particular. 
 
..! Rare Bears Discord phishing attack nabs $800K in NFTs  ::The account of a moderator from the nonfungible token project was compromised in the attack, posting a phishing link that drained user wallets.
 
..! Coinbase Wallet adds support for Solana ::Coinbase has added wallet support for SOL and Solana-based tokens and has outlined that it will look to support NFTs and DApps on the blockchain in the future too.  
 
..! GameStop looks toward NFT marketplace launch after big Q4 loss ::The firm also highlighted that the Immutable X NFT marketplace deal is set to fetch the firm $150 million worth of IMX tokens upon the “achievement of certain milestones.”
 
..! Blockchain tracking sweetens the pay of Ghana‘s cocoa farmers ::Koa aims to help Ghanian farmers increase their pay while allowing cocoa consumers to know exactly where their beans are coming from.
 
..!